docs: better flow usecase user guide (#1090)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/user-guide/continuous-aggregation/query.md

`GROUP BY` clause works as in a normal query. It groups the data by the specified columns. One special thing is the time window functions `hop()` and `tumble()` described in [Define Time Window](./define-time-window.md) part. They are used in the `GROUP BY` clause to define the time window for the aggregation. Other expressions in `GROUP BY` can be either literal, column or scalar expressions.

Others things like `ORDER BY`, `LIMIT`, `OFFSET` are not supported in the continuous aggregation query.

> ## Rewrite existing query to continuous aggregation query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Rewrite an existing query to a continuous aggregation query
```

> Some of simple existing aggregation queries can be directly used as continuous aggregation queries. For example, the example in [overview](./overview.md) can be used to query both in standard SQL and continuous aggregation query, since it's also a valid sql query without any flow-specific syntax or function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of simple existing aggregation queries can be directly used as continuous aggregation queries. For example, the example in [overview](./overview.md) can be used to query both in standard SQL and continuous aggregation query, since it's also a valid SQL query without any flow-specific syntax or functions:
```

```sql
SELECT
    status,
    count(client) AS total_logs,
    min(size) as min_size,
    max(size) as max_size,
    avg(size) as avg_size,
    sum(case when `size` > 550::double then 1::double else 0::double end) as high_size_count,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 minutes', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    status,
    time_window;
```

> However, there are other types of query that cannot be directly used as continuous aggregation query. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are other types of queries that cannot be directly used as continuous aggregation queries. 
```

> For example, a query that need to compute percentile, because it would be unwise to repeatedly calculate the percentile for each time window. In this case, you can pre-aggregate the data into buckets of desired size, and then calculate the percentile in the sink table using standard SQL when needed. The original sql might be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a query that needs to compute percentiles would be unwise to repeatedly calculate the percentile for each time window. In this case, you can pre-aggregate the data into buckets of the desired size, and then calculate the percentile in the sink table using standard SQL when needed. The original SQL might be:

```

```sql
SELECT
    status,
    percentile_approx(size, 0.5) as median_size,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 minutes', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    status,
    time_window;
```

> The above query will then be rewritten to first aggregate the data into buckets of size 10, and then calculate the percentile in the sink table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above query can be rewritten to first aggregate the data into buckets of size 10, and then calculate the percentile in the sink table.
```

The flow query would be:
```sql
CREATE FLOW calc_ngx_distribution
SINK TO ngx_distribution
AS
SELECT
    status,
    trunc(size, -1) as bucket,
    count(client) AS total_logs,
    date_bin(INTERVAL '1 minutes', access_time) as time_window,
FROM ngx_access_log
GROUP BY
    status,
    time_window,
    bucket;
```

And then you can calculate the percentile in the sink table using standard SQL:
```sql
SELECT
    outer.status,
    outer.time_window,
    outer.bucket,
    SUM(case when in1.bucket <= outer.bucket then in1.total_logs else 0 end) * 100 / SUM(in1.total_logs) AS percentile
FROM ngx_distribution AS outer
JOIN ngx_distribution AS in1
ON in1.status = outer.status 
AND in1.time_window = outer.time_window
GROUP BY
    status,
    time_window,
    bucket

> ORDER BY status, time_window, bucket;

Reviewer 2: Such a complex SQL is not user-friendly. :(

> ```

Reviewer: This seems to be a user-unfriendly way of syntax.
But if there is no other way, let it be.
